# Abreham Gebremedin 
 ## Lecturer | Researcher | Software Developer| Data Analyst

##### Experience in Full Stack Software Development and development of Machine learning and Deep learning model. Experienced Lecturer with a dynamic and competent faculty of University Teaching with skills to develop the knowledge base and professional development for all the learners in the university. Skilled in Python (Programming Language), Research, React, Node Js, Adobe XD, Angular, Ionic, Laravel, Teaching, and Software Development. Education professional with Master of Science in Information Systems.
<br />

 ### My name is Abreham Gebremedin. Full Stack Software Developer , Researcher, Data analyst and Dynamic Lecturer with 4 years of successful research and teaching experience in University. Known for interesting lectures with helpful supporting materials and detail-oriented classroom management. Dedicated to individual student success and comprehensive understanding. Studied and dignified Information System with established following and thorough discipline in the practice of Software Engineering and machine learning. Have been involved in the development and assisting of pioneering research and interdisciplinary programs for students.<br /><br /> In 2018, I graduated my B.Sc. in Information Systems(4 years degree program) with great distinction from Addis Ababa University(AAU), which is rated as one of the best University in Ethiopia. Following my first degree, I Joined university of Gondar as a Lecturer. I have been working at University of Gondar since October 2018 as a lecturer and researcher. Experience in development of Machine learning and Deep learning model. Experienced Lecturer with a dynamic and competent faculty of University Teaching with skills to develop the knowledge base and professional development for all the learners in the university.<br /><br />In June 2022 graduated my M.Sc. in Information Systems from University of Gondar (UoG) with CGPA 3.95 out of 4, Gondar, Ethiopia. I am on progress to publish my thesis work on international journal. I did my M.Sc. thesis “Multimodal Amharic Hate Speech Detection Using Deep Learning” using YouTube videos. In my M.Sc. thesis I have developed a working model which detect Hate Speech on a video data for Amharic language.to develop the model I have used deep learning algorithms especially BiLSTM and different NLP techniques. Through my years of studying, I became fascinated on Machine Learning and Deep Learning. After finishing my M.Sc., I have been assisting graduate student on their research works especially in deep learning, NLP and Image processing. This experience provided me the opportunity to practice different forms of machine learning, deep learning, Image processing, and NLP concepts.